hey everyone its Aaron today I'm going
to be doing a hair tutorial on this
hairstyle I posted it on Instagram and I
got like over a thousand likes which is
my most likes this picture I got a
thousand 105 likes so obviously I have
really short hair but you can do this
long long hair too it's just you do a
real ponytail not just half-up half-down
so anyways let's get started and I'm
first I'm gonna show you guys and things
you're going to need you're gonna need
for short hair you're going to need two
or three of these little clear ponytail
holders and if you have long hair and
you're going to put it up in a ponytail
you're going to need one of these and a
bigger ponytail holder and then you're
going to need some bobby pins you're
going to need a teasing comb to tease
your ponytail if you want to or just
whatever you like to tease with and then
you're going to want to have something
like this to section it my bro cat
summit because I was teasing my hair too
hard on this comb but that's why I have
this it's also going to need a bow
you're also gonna need hairspray first
you want to take this pink comb or not
pink comb but you just want to take
something to section with you can use
your finger too
and you want to make your part lighter
so it will bring easier how I SEC after
I section this part off I take the
pieces I think I'm going to use for the
braid you can always add more if you're
going to need it but just section that
off and now you're just going to pull
all the pieces that you'll use for your
ponytail so if you're using all your
hairs and you're going to pull all your
hair up but if you're only using some of
it like me because I can't do a ponytail
then you're just going to pull what
you're gonna use up once you're done
doing that you're going to take one of
your little clear elastics and let
unless you have long hair and I just tie
it around ok now we're actually going to
start braiding so again I will be
teaching you guys how to French braid in
this video so you're just going to take
start with a little section you're going
to split it into three pieces just like
a normal braid grab a little itty-bitty
piece from there and add it to one of
your pieces and then you're just going
to cross it over braid like normal and
then take another little piece cross it
over again
you want to take little pieces because
it makes your braid look better take
another little piece cross it over again
and that's what you're just going to
keep doing it's really easy once you get
the hang of it it just can take a while
to get the hang of it make sure that
when you're doing this you're making
sure that your braid isn't just going
straight down it's kind of going to the
side okay now you're just going to keep
braiding it normally now we're just
going to tie it off with a little clear
elastic so pull it to the back and then
you're just going to start taking bobby
pins and Bobby pinning it you want to
leave a little bit of hair um with the
braid so that you can pull it up so like
here's like I got me pinned it twice and
then I still have this hair so you can
add some more hair and then grab this
ponytail and take another clear elastic
or if it's a real ponytail take a big
elastic and you cannot get it there we
go and now you're just going to pull it
up into one big ponytail what I do
before I start teasing my little
ponytail and I'm going to hairspray it
the braid hair spray the back so that
stays then I hairspray it here keep some
flyaways damn I'm going to take our bow
and we're just going to put this in our
hair and now you can bobby pin it so you
kind of want a bobby pin it to the side
so you can see your braid so we're just
gonna add two bobby pins you can add
more if you want to and I now like your
bobby pins will show but no one really
cares so it doesn't matter okay now
we're going to start teasing our little
ponytails for your big ponytails if you
have fun so how I like to do this to
make it extra big and you can do this
with a real pony tail too bear spray the
hair and then you're going to tease it
all into a little ball so you don't want
to be holding any more hair you're just
going to tease it to a ball once you
have it into like a little Bowl you're
in hairspray I don't know if you guys
can be right here in a little Bowl right
here then you're going to bobby pin it
and make sure you're kind of like
puffing it up like you would look at
your pouf you know and you're going to
leave that and now you're just going to
tease the rest of your hair normal
Hey once you're done - using your hair
or aiming your ponytail should be pretty
bit mine's pretty big and then I spray
it and I like spray that again and then
I like to just tease the side now you
can only do this if you have a bob or
short hair I have a bob obviously I just
like the way it looks you don't need to
tease it you know huge but I think it
looks kind of cute
and I like brushed it out a little bit
okay so that was it for this hair
tutorial I hope you guys liked it and if
you have any video requests please leave
them below so I can be sure to do them
and Carson do you want to come say bye